This is the Last Will and Testament of James Michael Mastros (known as
"theorbtwo" in appropriate contexts), version 2.0, nominally dated
Saturday, the 17th of November, 2012.  It superceeds and invalidates
all previous wills, which is to say, to the best of my recollection, a
single unmarked will (asside: which was almost certianly never legally
binding anyway).  I am, at the time of this writing, of sound mind and
body (asside: or, at the very least, certianly compos mentis, and
capible of understanding what I am writing).  Text within this
document marked as "asside" is not meant to be legally binding, but
simply to add some levity, extra information to the reader, and
nonbinding suggestions for the executor (or executors, executrix,
executrixes, etc).  (Asside: please read the assides in an amusing
accent, out of the side of your mouth, or similar, if reading aloud,
or imagine them in such a voice otherwise.  This will be *so* much
more fun.  You'll thank me for it, I promise.)

Should my long-term partner, Jessica Ann Robinson (often known as
Jess, and as "castaway" in appropriate contexts), neither predecease
me or die within 24 hours of me, I appoint her as executrix, and sole
heiress, rendering most of the remainder of this document moot.
(Asside: Jess, sorry to leave you with all this paperwork.  Hopefully
it's not too bad.  I strongly encourage you to enlist some help if it
is.  I'd appoint somebody else coexecutor, but I want to be sure you
can call all the shots you want.)

It is my intention that this will survive any future marrige to her,
but not any subsequent divorce.  (That is, the will should survive the
marrige, even though I haven't!)  (Asside: I'm not writing this as a
very poorly timed proposal, just considering the possibility.  I'm
most certianly not planning on getting divorced before I'm even
married!)

If Jess does predecease me, then my estate should be divided according
to the following algorythm:

1: As an initial condition, I proto-inherit 1 proto-share of my estate.

2: If there are no living people who proto-inherits any of my estate,
and step 2 has not been followed yet, my sister, Sara Leanne Mastros,
proto-inherits 1 proto-share of my proto-estate.

3: If there are no living people who proto-inherits any of my estate,
and step 3 has not been followed yet, the estate is proto-inherited by
my aunts and uncles by blood, being Dianne Flory, Katherine Metz,
Daniel Mastros, Sally Leidermen, Janet Alverz, and Linda Hart, each in
equal measure.  (That is, each gets one sixth proto-share.)

4: If there are no living people who proto-inherit any of my estate,
and step 4 has not been followed yet, the estate is proto-inherited by
the parents of Jess Robinson, being Sue Robinson and Jess Robinson, in
equal measure.  (That is, each gets one half proto-share.)

5: If there are no living people who proto-inherit any of my estate,
and step 5 has not been followed yet, then I step A applies.

6: Any share of my estate proto-inherited by dead people is split, in
equal measure, by the children of that person in equal measure
(surviving and dead, and without any sort of penalty to bastard
children or adopted children) (asside: if that disclaimer of penalty
isn't dead-letter because there is no such penalty, then shame on you,
country that this is being probabted in.)  That is, if a person who has one proto-share of my estate is dead, but had two children before he/she died, each of his/her children is assigned one half protoshare.  If a portion is
proto-inherited by a dead person without any children (including
children which predeceased them) then that portion is simply dropped.

7: If there are dead people in the current list of proto-heirs, go to step 2.

8: Find the total number of proto-shares remaining, and call it S.  Each proto-heir inherits a portion of my estate being the proto-share divided by S.

By way of example: I have four children, Alice, Bob, Caitlin, and
Donald.  Alice has predeceased me, but had two children, Aaron and
Aangelica.  Donald died young and left no offspring.  Step 1 applies,
and I start with one proto-share.  Step 2, 3, 4, and 5 are moot, since
there are still living people with protoshares.  Step six strikes me
from the list, and assigns Alice, Bob, Charles, and Diana one-quarter
proto-share each.  Step seven applies, so we start again at step 2.
Steps 2-5 are, again, moot.  Step 6 reassigns Alice's one-quarter
protoshare as one-eighth share to each of Aaron and Angelica, and
drops Diana's quarter-share.  Step seven does not apply this time,
since all people remaining on the list are alive.  Step 8 now applies.
The sum of proto-shares remaining is 3/4.  Aaron gets (1/8)/(3/4) of
my estate, which is to say 1/6th.  His sister Aangelica gets the same
amount.  Bob gets (1/4)/(3/4) of my estate, which is to say 1/3, and
Caitlin likewise gets 1/3rd.



